---
layout: page
title: Cookie Policy
permalink: /en/cookie-policy/
lang: en
lang-ref: cookie-policy
---

_**Last updated: September 25, 2023**_

### What are 'Cookies'?

A cookie is a small piece of text that gets downloaded to your browser when you visit a website. It helps the site remember information about your visit, such as your preferred language, login ID, accessed pages, total duration of your stay, location, and other settings. This makes your next visit easier and the site more useful to you. Cookies play a crucial role, enhancing the web browsing experience.

If you're unfamiliar with cookies, how to control or delete them, we recommend visiting [http://www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org) for detailed guidance.

### Cookie Law

A new European Union (EU) law concerning cookies requires website users to have the opportunity to understand how cookies are used on websites and to consent to cookies being stored on their devices (laptops/mobiles/tablets).

### Use of Cookies on This Site

This website, like many others, uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience. By tailoring content based on your preferences during your visits, we aim to improve and expand the website content to better match user needs and preferences. The list below describes the cookies we use on this website and their purposes.

In general, this site uses Third-Party Cookies (cookies set on your device by external websites whose services are used on this site) rather than First Party Cookies (cookies set directly by this website).

This Site utilizes the following third-party cookies:

- Analytical/Performance Cookies from Google

Google Analytics is Google's analytics tool, aiding website and app owners in understanding visitor engagement without personally identifying individuals. It uses cookies to collect and report website usage statistics. Information generated by the cookie, including your IP address, is transmitted to and stored by Google in the United States. Google uses this information to evaluate website usage, compile reports for website operators, and provide related services. Google may also share this information with third parties as required by law or for data processing on Google's behalf. Your IP address will not be associated with other data held by Google.

In addition to reporting website usage statistics, Google Analytics may also contribute to displaying more relevant ads on Google properties and across the web.

Read more: [Google Privacy Policy](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

### Managing Cookies

Presently, this site follows an 'implied consent' policy, assuming that you are comfortable with this usage. If you are not, you may choose not to use this website or delete cookies after your visit. Alternatively, you can browse the website using your browser's anonymous usage settings (e.g., "Incognito" in Chrome, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari), or modify your Cookie settings.

Read more: [How to disable cookies](https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-and-delete-cookies).

You have the option to decline cookies by adjusting your browser settings. However, please note that this may affect the full functionality of this website.

### Changes to this Cookies Policy

There may be changes to the approach and placement of cookies on this site. Therefore, we recommend checking this website periodically for updates to these policies and practices.

You can also review how other data are collected and used on this site at this [link]({{site.baseurl}}/{{page.lang}}/privacy-policy).

### Contact

For any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please address them on the Contact page.
