---
layout: page
title: Cookie Policy
permalink: /cookie-policy/
image: assets/images/privacy-policy.jpg
comments: false
---

_**This policy was last updated August 30, 2021.**_


### What are 'Cookies'?

A cookie is a small piece of text, downloaded to your browser when you visit a website. It helps the site to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language, your login ID, the accessed pages, the total duration for which you stayed on the website, location and other settings. That can make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you. Cookies play an important role. Without them, using the web would be a much more frustrating experience.


If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then you should visit [http://www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org) for detailed guidance.


### Cookie Law


A new EU (European Union) law focused on cookies demands that you, as a website user, are given the opportunity to understand how cookies are used on the websites and consent to cookies being stored on your device (laptop/mobile/tablet).


### The use of Cookies on this Site


This website, like many other websites, uses cookies to enrich your experience of using the website by allowing me to tailor what you see to what I have learned about your preferences during your visits to this site. In this way, I can improve or add the content on this website, depending on the site’s performance and users’ needs or preferences. The list below describes the cookies we use on this website and how and for what we use them.

Generally, this Site does not use First Party Cookies (cookies set by this website directly) but Third-Party Cookies (cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site).

This Site uses the following third-party cookies:

**a) Analytical/Performance Cookies**

Google Analytics is Google’s analytics tool that helps website and app owners to understand how their visitors engage with their properties. It uses a set of cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to Google.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States, that will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

In addition to reporting website usage statistics, Google Analytics can also be used to help show more relevant ads on Google properties (like Google Search) and across the web.

Read more: [Google Privacy Policy](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

**b) Comment system Cookies**

Disqus comment system may also store cookies in your browser. When you leave a comment, your user-name becomes visible to other users of this website along with the content and time of your comment. For more information about Disqus Privacy Policy and Cookie Information, click [here](http://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy).

### Managing Cookies

At present, the Site operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that I assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this website, or you should delete the cookies after you visit this site or browse the website using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari), or change the Cookie settings (link: how to disable cookies).

You may refuse to accept the cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, not all functions of this website may be entirely usable.

### Changes to this Cookies Policy

There is a possibility that I may change the approach to use and place the cookies. Therefore, I recommend you to check this website periodically for any changes made to these policies and practices.

You can also see how other data are collected and used on the [Link title](/privacy-policy)

### Contact

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should address them on the Contact page.